DRIVERS-1150 Writes are not retried within transactions (#1481)
mongodb/specifications: source/retryable-writes/retryable-writes.rst

.. _findAndModify: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/command/findAndModify/
.. _aggregate: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/command/aggregate/

> Retryable Writes Withing Transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retryable Writes Within Transactions
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In MongoDB 4.0 the only supported retryable write commands within a transaction
are ``commitTransaction`` and ``abortTransaction``. Therefore drivers MUST NOT
retry write commands within transactions even when ``retryWrites`` has been

> enabled on the ``MongoClient``. In addition, drivers MUST NOT add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set to true on the ``MongoClient``. In addition, drivers MUST NOT add
```

Reviewer 2: this sounds a little more clear to me but feel free to accept or reject, ditto below

the ``RetryableWriteError`` label to any error that occurs during a write
command within a transaction (excepting ``commitTransation``

> and ``abortTransaction``), even when ``retryWrites`` has been enabled on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and ``abortTransaction``), even when ``retryWrites`` has been set to true on
```

Changelog
=========

> :2023-12-06: Clarify that writes are not retried with transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:2023-12-06: Clarify that writes are not retried within transactions.
```
